.\" Written by Rasca Gmelch, Berlin 1999 - 2000
.\" Published under the GNU GPL V2
.\"
.TH XAP 1 "Jul. 2000" "GNU" "Version 0.9"
.SH NAME
xap - gtk+ based application panel for X11
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "xap [-v] [-g <x-geometry>] [-t] [-n #] [-l {v,h}]
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -v
Verbose mode, give some output on startup.
.TP
.B -g \ <x-geometry>
Define geometry of the toplevel window.
.TP
.B -t
Create toplevel window as transient.
.TP
.B -n #
Define
.I notebook label position,
default is 2. The meaning is defined as follows
1 = right side,
2 = top side,
3 = bottom side,
4 = left side.
.TP
.B -l {v,h}
Define orientation of the icon box layout, 'h' means horizontal
and 'v' means vertical.

.SH QUICK REFERENCE
.I xap
is designed to work with the xwf application, but other XDND-aware
filemanager like
.I gmc
may also work. In
.I xap
you can create new application
buttons by Drag-and-Drop-ing applications from 
.I xwf
to the label of a
notebook page. You can not move an application button from one
page to another but you can copy it with DND and then just remove
the old one.

If you want to add a new notebook page to hold a new group of applications
move your mouse to an existing notebook page-label, click the right
mouse button and activate the menu option "New ..".

To start an application in a terminal window hold the Alt-key pressed
while clicking the button.
.SH KEYBOARD SHORT CUTS
.TP
Alt+Q:
quit the application.
.TP
Alt+N:
create a new notebook-page.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B $HOME/.xap/
.I xap
home directory
.TP
.B $HOME/.xap/xap.rc
.I xap
gtk+ startup file
.SH SEE ALSO
.B xwf(1), xpg(1), X(1), mc(1)
.SH AUTHOR
(c) Rasca, Berlin
.br
http://home.pages.de/~rasca/
.br
.I xap
is published under the GNU General Public License

